<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>

<head>
    <title>Blackjack</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles/style.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.2.0/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-hWVjflwFxL6sNzntih27bfxkr27PmbbK/iSvJ+a4+0owXq79v+lsFkW54bOGbiDQ" crossorigin="anonymous">
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="32x32" href="images/blackjack-logo.png">

    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">

</head>

<body class="meetings">
    <header>

        <nav>

            <ul class="nav" id="myTopNav">
                <li>
                    <a href="index.html">
                        <!-- <img src="images/blackjack-logo.svg" class="nav-logo"> -->

                        <img src="images/blackjack-logo.png" class="nav-logo">
                    </a>
                </li>
                <li class="active">
                    <a href="index.html">Home</a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="meetings.html">Meetings</a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="volunteer.html">Volunteering</a>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <a href="project.html">Project Submissions</a>
                </li>

                <li id="icon" class="icon">
                    <button><i class="fas fa-bars"></i></button>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </nav>
    </header>


    <main>
        <h1>Meetings</h1>
        <h2>Meeting 1: September 6th</h2>
        <h3>Roles and Introductions</h3>
        <p>Zach McPherson (Recorder),Sean Christiansen(Treasurer), Jon McDowell(Liason), Minette Donhardt(Historian), Joe Paradies(Webmaster)</p>
        <ol>
            <li>Be present and on time</li>

            <li>Be honest</li>

            <li>Be curtious</li>

            <li>Communicate with the group with ideas, problems, etc</li>

            <li>Be professional</li>

            <li>Stay on task. Complete things on time.</li>

            <li>Complete the goals we have set</li>

            <li>Set realistic expectations</li>
        </ol>
        <p>Breathe</p>

        <p>Goal: Get an A and get it done quickly! Don't stress over it.</p>
        <hr>
        <h2>Meeting 2: September 13th</h2>
        <h3>Agenda</h3>
        <p>
            We will be meeting Thursday, September 13th in the lobby of Milner before we head up to the third floor and start working on the project. Each group member should have at least two ideas of organizations they would like to work with and each member should
            bring ideas on how we can fundraise for these organizations. The main objective of this meeting will be to narrow down our organization to 1 or 2 so that we can start contacting them and get information on what we will need to do for the project
            for the rest of this semester.</p>
        <h3>Minutes</h3>
        <p>The attendees of the meeting were as follows: Minette, Jon, Derek, Joe, Sean and Zach. Everyone there was on time and ready to get to work. Sam has not contacted us about being within the group and did not show up to the meeting today. It is safe
            to say that they have ghosted us and should not be in our group any longer. The meeting took place Thursday, September 13th at 4:55pm and ended at 5:46pm. We have switched up roles within the group this meeting. Minette, the Historian, plans
            on taking photos of important points when they are needed. Zach, the Recorder, plans on keeping everyone up to date on what everyone is doing and I plan to keep a log of what everyone decides to do. Derek, the Webmaster, plans to manage and
            maintain the group website and other technical stuff our group decides on doing. Sean and Joe, the two Treasurers, plan to keep a log of the products we raise and to make sure these numbers are organized and transparent with the group. Jon,
            the Liason, plans to communicate with the organizations and teacher when he needs to. The objective of this meeting was to decide on an organization to work with and prepare our proposal for next week. We did this and narrowed our organizations
            down to Wishbone, Home Sweet Home or the Humane Society.&nbsp;</p>
        <p>An outline for the meeting:</p>
        <p>First, we reintroduced ourselves to one another and met Derek for the first time. Derek took over the role of Webmaster from Joe who is now the second Treasurer. We then decided on which organizations most interested us and narrowed the selections
            down to (#1)Wishbone, (#2)Home Sweet Home, (#3)The Humane Society. We then decided on three SMART goals which were the primary objective of $100/person, finish before/by Early Submission deadline and to figure out the organizations needs.
            We finally conversed about where we will meet every week.</p>

        <p>What each member needs to achieve for the next meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>
                <p>Zach: Create an agenda</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Minette: Gather evidence of Jon contacting the organizations.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Jon: Contact organizations for their needs</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Derek: Create a base for the group site</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Joe &amp; Sean: Keep track of any donor info/volunteer logs that come up</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <img src="images/meeting1.jpeg"></img>
        <hr>
        <h2>Meeting 3: September 20th</h2>
        <h3>Agenda</h3>

        <p> Items to think about prior to the meeting would be to preview the project proposal so we can finish it during out meeting. We also need to choose the organization we are going to work with from the three options from last Thursday. We also need
            to create a role for Sam to take on.
        </p>
        <p>
            Everyone should look at the proposal pdf to generate ideas for the meeting.
        </p>
        <p>
            Recorder (Zach): Review project proposal and keep track of information during the meeting to create the minutes after the meeting ends.
        </p>
        <p>
            Historian (Minette): Review project proposal and keep a log of what has been accomplished for the day.
        </p>
        <p>
            Webmaster (Derek): Review project proposal and create the google doc for the proposal so we can all access a document to answer the questions and turn it in at the end of the meeting.
        </p>
        <p>
            Liaison (Jon): Review project proposal and give information on what organizations would like to work with us.
        </p>
        <p>
            Treasurers (Joe and Sean): Review project proposal and keep a log of any transactions that have/will happen.
        </p>
        <p>
            What to Bring:
        </p>
        <ul>
            <li>Knowledge of Proposal
            </li>
            <li>Pencil/Pen
            </li>
            <li>Paper
            </li>
            <li>Laptop(Just in case)
            </li>
        </ul>
        <p>
            Objective of Meeting:
        </p>
        <ul>
            <li>Figure out what role Sam should take on.
            </li>
            <li>Complete project proposal.
            </li>
            <li>Figure out which organization we will try and work with.
            </li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Minutes</h3>
        <p> The attendees of the meeting were as follows: Minette, Jon, Derek, Joe, Sean, Sam, and Zach. Everyone there was on time and ready to get to work. We finally met Sam on Tuesday and are glad we get to work with him on the project. The ties have
            not been cut and I and the others feel he is a great fit for our group. The meeting took place Thursday, September 20th at 4:55pm and ended at 5:41pm. We had to decide a role for Sam and we decided with the experience he has working with companies
            that he would be a great fit for a second Liaison position. According to the previous minutes, I was supposed to create the next agenda for out meeting which I did. Minette was to gather information from Jon about what companies we would be
            working with which we have since decided we would like to work with MidWest Food Bank. Jon was supposed to gather information from the companies but since we decided to switch up the company, him and Sam need to contact the organization and
            see what they need in terms of donations/volunteer work. Joe and Sean were to keep track of any donor information/volunteer logs which didn’t happen since Sean contacted a warehouse and they said the donations needed to go through the actual
            organization and not us. Derek was to create the base for the group site which he did and he plans to keep it updated as the group moves forward. The objective of the meeting was to get the proposal finished which did not happen, but it should
            be finished by tonight. We also decided we would prefer to work with the MidWest Food Bank if possible.
        </p>

        <p> An outline for the meeting:</p>

        <p> First, we decided what role Sam would take on within the group by listening to his ideas for the group project. After his talking, we decided a second Liaison would be perfect for him because of the experience he has working with different organizations.
            We then talked about what organization we would like to work with and this was MidWest Food Bank. After this decision, we looked at the proposal and had a round table discussion on the questions included within the document. We also decided
            during the meeting that the 5th floor would be better for us to work in rather than the 6th floor.
        </p>

        <p> What each member needs to achieve for the next meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li> Zach: Record anything that happens within the group and create an agenda for the group to follow during the next meeting.</li>

            <li>Minette: Make sure what we claim in the proposal is backed up with evidence and keep taking pictures of anything important within the group.</li>

            <li>Jon & Sam: Contact Food Bank about working with them and if any questions come up throughout the week make sure to ask the professor about them.
            </li>
            <li>Derek: Make sure the information on the website is up to date and add the proposal to the site as well.
            </li>
            <li>Joe and Sean: Contact companies about donations once we get the ok from MidWest Food Bank to work with them.
            </li>
        </ul>
        <img src="images/meeting2.jpeg"></img>

        <hr>
        <h2>Meeting 4: September 27th</h2>
        <h3>Agenda</h3>

        <p>Things to have completed before we meet up:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Identify some course concepts we have learned and can utilize within our project for the final presentation</li>
            <li>Re-read our proposal and come with any ideas or changes that should be made to it</li>
            <li>Bring any ideas that have arose from just having time to think about the project over the last week.</li>
        </ul>

        <p>Recorder(Zach): Keep track of everything during the meeting for minutes after the meeting ends.</p>

        <p>Historian(Minette): Grab a picture of the meeting and make sure to grab pictures from anyone who works on collecting funds for the project.</p>

        <p>Webmaster (Derek): Create a google doc for the group so we can all have equal access to a document with information we need to keep track of. Edit the website before the next meeting.</p>

        <p>Liaison (Jon and Sam): Gather the information you got from the organization(s) you decided to contact and present that to the group. Contact the professor about if our group’s organization is valid or not.</p>

        <p>Treasurers (Joe and Sean): Keep a log of any transactions that have/will happen by taking a picture, keeping receipts, etc.</p>

        <p>What to Bring:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Pencil/Pen</li>

            <li>Paper</li>

            <li>Laptop</li>

            <li>Information on MidWest Food Bank</li>
        </ul>

        <p> Objective of Meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Figure out how we can work with the organization (MidWest Food Bank)</li>

            <li>Create a timeline for when we want things to be finished in a Google Doc</li>

            <li>Brainstorm ideas of how we can accomplish our fundraising goal for the Food Bank</li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Minutes</h3>
        <p> The attendees of the meeting were as follows: Minette, Jon, Derek, Joe, Sean, Sam, and Zach. Everyone there was on time and ready to get to work. We finally met Sam on Tuesday and are glad we get to work with him on the project. The ties have
            not been cut and I and the others feel he is a great fit for our group. The meeting took place Thursday, September 20th at 4:55pm and ended at 5:41pm. We had to decide a role for Sam and we decided with the experience he has working with companies
            that he would be a great fit for a second Liaison position. According to the previous minutes, I was supposed to create the next agenda for out meeting which I did. Minette was to gather information from Jon about what companies we would be
            working with which we have since decided we would like to work with MidWest Food Bank. Jon was supposed to gather information from the companies but since we decided to switch up the company, him and Sam need to contact the organization and
            see what they need in terms of donations/volunteer work. Joe and Sean were to keep track of any donor information/volunteer logs which didn’t happen since Sean contacted a warehouse and they said the donations needed to go through the actual
            organization and not us. Derek was to create the base for the group site which he did and he plans to keep it updated as the group moves forward. The objective of the meeting was to get the proposal finished which did not happen, but it should
            be finished by tonight. We also decided we would prefer to work with the MidWest Food Bank if possible.
        </p>

        <p> An outline for the meeting:</p>

        <p> The attendees of the meeting were as follows: Minette, Jon, Derek, Joe, Sean, Sam, and Zach. Everyone there was on time and ready to get to work. The meeting took place Thursday, September 27th at 5:05pm and ended at 5:31pm. I was to make sure
            we had an agenda for this meeting and to record the information we talked about which I have done. Minette’s job was to make sure she keeps information backed up with evidence which she has done thus far. Jon and Sam were to contact the Food
            Bank which Sam did and got information back to us about the opportunity. Derek is making sure the website is up to date and ready for information about our progress to go up on there as well. Jon and Sean were not able to contact companies
            because we didn't get the ok for the Food Bank yet, but when we do they need to get on that.
        </p>

        <p> An outline for the meeting:</p>
        <p>To start the meeting, Sam talked about how he tried contacting MidWest Food Bank to see what exactly they needed and he informed us of the information he had gathered from doing so. After this conversation, we wanted to know everyone's availability
            over the weekend (Fri-Sun) to see when we could volunteer at the Food Bank. Sam also suggested that we try to volunteer with the Food Bank so we could get some real-life feedback from them while doing so. We are still deciding on a timeline
            for the project because we are not sure when the Food Bank will exactly need us. We also need information on if the Food Bank is a viable option for the semester project. With that, we can further the project along and get started on working
            to achieve our SMART goals.</p>
        <p>What each member needs to achieve for the next meeting:</p>

        <ul>
            <li>Zach: Record anything that happens within the group and create an agenda for the group to follow during the next meeting. Also, make sure to include schedule in group chat.
            </li>

            <li>Minette: Take pictures of important events in the group, but also make sure to inform the group on your schedule in the group chat.</li>

            <li>Jon & Sam: Contact MidWest Food Bank about working with them and if any questions come up throughout the week make sure to ask the professor about them. Jon should ask if we are ok doing the MidWest Food Bank or not as well. Also, make sure
                to post a weekend schedule inside the group chat.

            </li>
            <li>Derek: Make sure the information on the website is up to date and add any necessary information that has been shown in this meeting. Send schedule in group chat.


            </li>
            <li>Joe and Sean: Contact companies about donations once we get the ok from MidWest Food Bank to work with them. Send schedules in group chat.
            </li>
        </ul>
        <img src="images/meeting4.jpeg"></img>
        <hr>
        <h2>Meeting 5: October 4th</h2>
        <h3>Agenda</h3>

        <p>Items to think about prior to the meeting would be do some research on the Food Bank and brainstorm some more ideas on how we can accomplish our goal of finishing early with the required $100/person. We also need to go over roles and what everyone
            should be accomplishing prior to the meetings because it feels like some people aren’t doing as much as others. Everyone should take a look at the Food Bank’s website, review proposal and talk about project progress.

        </p>

        <p>Recorder (Zach): Give ideas on how we can accomplish our goal and keep track of everything we talk about to make sure it all is recorded.</p>

        <p>Historian (Minette): Have ideas for project and keep record of the meeting with a picture.</p>

        <p>Webmaster (Derek): Have ideas and keep the website updated.</p>

        <p>Liaison (Jon & Sam): Generate ideas and keep in touch with professor and Food Bank.</p>

        <p>Treasurers (Joe and Sean): Have ideas to talk about and start a document for logging the information we gather when working with the Food Bank.</p>

        <p>What to Bring:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Knowledge on Food Bank and how we can accomplish the goal</li>

            <li>Pencil/Pen</li>

            <li>Paper</li>

            <li>Laptop</li>
        </ul>

        <p> Objective of Meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Figure out what people should be doing for the project moving forward</li>

            <li>Get ideas for the project</li>

            <li>Contact the Food Bank to try and work with them</li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Minutes</h3>
        <p> The attendees of the meeting were as follows: Minette, Derek, Joe, Sean, Sam, and Zach. Jon was not at the meeting but he informed us last week that he would not be there. Everyone there was on time and ready to get to work. The meeting took place
            Thursday, October 4th at 5:00pm and ended at 5:48pm. I was to make sure we had an agenda for this meeting and to record the information we talked about which I have done. Minette’s job was to make sure she keeps information backed up with
            evidence which she has done thus far. Jon and Sam were to contact the Food Bank and the professor which were done but no information was received from them this week. Derek is making sure the website is up to date and ready for information
            about our progress to go up on there as well which he has been keeping up on every week. Joe and Sean were not able to contact companies because we didn’t get the ok for the Food Bank yet, but when we do they need to get on that so we can
            work with stores to try and gather items for the Food Bank.
        </p>

        <p> An outline for the meeting:</p>

        <p>To start the meeting, we talked about ways for everyone to get involved with the project. Minette decided to fill out the interest form so we could get more information. We also talked about starting the base for the PowerPoint so we aren’t trying
            to do it all at the end of the early-submission due date. Joe and Sean are going to get an excel spreadsheet started to have for future reference as well. We also tried to figure out what ways we could get donations for the Food Bank because
            we weren’t sure on the ways we could and Joe and Sean will try to gather stores once the Food Bank gives us the ok. Talked with the professor about the project and backup plans if need be. The liaisons(Jon and Sam) need to get the OK from
            the Food Bank or ask them to forward us to an organization like Home Sweet Home.
        </p>
        <p>What each member needs to achieve for the next meeting:</p>

        <ul>
            <li>Zach: Record anything that happens within the group and create an agenda for the group to follow during the next meeting. Also, make sure to get information from the group to be able to plan out the next agenda.
            </li>

            <li>Minette: Take pictures of important events in the group, but also make sure to inform the group on any information you receive from the Food Bank.</li>

            <li>Jon & Sam: Contact MidWest Food Bank about working with them and get the information back to the group. Also, make sure to get the ok from them because we need that so we can start asking stores to get donations.</li>
            <li>Derek: Make sure the information on the website is up to date and add any necessary information that has been shown in this meeting. Also, ask questions about the project related to the website.</li>
            <li>Joe and Sean: Contact companies about donations once we get the ok from MidWest Food Bank to work with them. Also, ask other people in the group to help out with reaching out if you don’t get any good answers back.</li>
        </ul>
        <img src="images/meeting5.JPG"></img>
        <hr>
        <h2>Meeting 6: October 11th</h2>
        <h3>Agenda</h3>

        <p>Items to think about prior to the meeting would be to look at the proposal we made and think about if we will meet the goals we set in it. We need to discuss the Foodbank and how we can get over the hump of not getting information from them every
            week. We also should go one by one and discuss our issues with how the group project is coming along. After we discuss everything we need to we need to work on the Midterm report so we can see where we are at and the plans we have for the
            future of the project.
        </p>
        <p>Recorder (Zach): Keep track of everything we talk about to make sure it all is recorded and make sure everyone is making progress on the project by asking questions.</p>

        <p>Historian (Minette): Keep records with pictures and make sure to try and contact the Foodbank again if they do not get back to you from the form you created.</p>

        <p>Webmaster (Derek): Keep the website updated and ask questions about progress.</p>

        <p>Liaison (Jon & Sam): Explain to the group if there is a problem with the Foodbank and who we should try maybe working with instead.</p>

        <p>Treasurers (Joe and Sean): Talk about the progress you guys have made with reaching out to stores.</p>

        <p>What to Bring:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Lecture Notes for keeping each other in check</li>

            <li>Pencil/Pen</li>

            <li>Paper</li>

            <li>Laptop</li>
        </ul>

        <p> Objective of Meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Figure out why we haven’t heard anything back from MidWest Foodbank</li>

            <li>Discuss any problems we feel are occurring</li>

            <li>Midterm Report needs to be worked on</li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Minutes</h3>
        <p>The attendees of the meeting were as follows: Minette, Jon, Derek, Joe, Sean, and Zach. Sam did not contact us, nor inform us after the meeting that he would not be at the meeting. The meeting took place Thursday, October 11th at 5:10pm because
            we waited to see if Sam would show up and it ended at 5:48pm. I was to make sure we had an agenda for this meeting and to record the information we talked about which I have done. Minette’s job was to make sure she keeps information backed
            up with evidence which she has done thus far. Minette also contacted our new organization, Home Sweet Home, and scheduled our date to volunteer which was great! Jon and Minette were to contact the Food Bank which they did but they never got
            an answer back so we changed organizations. Derek is making sure the website is up to date and ready for information about our progress to go up on there as well. He also added the mid-project assessment survey to the portfolio as well. Joe
            and Sean were not able to contact companies because we didn’t get the ok for the Food Bank yet, but now since we have a new organization they are going to be contacting people to see what we can do for fundraising. Jon also said he could help
            find ways to fundraise on campus as well.</p>

        <p>An outline for the meeting:</p>
        <p>To start the meeting, Minette asked everyone if they applied for volunteering at Home Sweet Home which we all said we did besides Sam who was not there. We all then talked about how the project was going and that we all felt as if the project
            wasn’t going as smoothly as we thought it would. With this, we then completed the Mid-Project Assessment survey together which helped us all solidify what we have done and what we need to get done to reach the goals we set at the beginning
            of the project. We all then brainstormed ideas on how we could get the fundraising done to match our goals but we also devised a plan for where the first 20 minutes are dedicated to work, 5 minutes for a break, then the rest of the meeting
            goes on as work until the end of the meeting. This might help us become more focused and on track with the meetings which we all said during the meeting that we need to work on staying on task.</p>
        <p>What each member needs to achieve for the next meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Zach: Record anything that happens within the group and help analyze Jon’s agenda for next week to make sure it is correct and good enough to go off of during the meeting.</li>
            <li>Minette: Take pictures of important events in the group, but also make sure to contact Home Sweet Home about getting more volunteer hours than what we are scheduled for. Also, make sure to see what kind of flyers we can have to hand out around
                the quad prior to actually fundraising.</li>
            <li>Jon: Create the agenda for the week but also ask your fraternity about how they fundraised on the quad so we can maybe do that as well.</li>
            <li>Sam: Contact companies or important people around campus to see how we can start fundraising to meet our goal.</li>
            <li>Derek: Make sure the information on the website is up to date and add any necessary information that has been shown in this meeting. Also, make sure the portfolio is up to date.</li>
            <li>Joe and Sean: Contact companies and people around campus to get fundraising started. Also, if any transactions occur make sure to get those in the spreadsheet.</li>
        </ul>
        <img src="images/meeting6.JPG"></img>
        <hr>
        <h2>Meeting 7: October 18th</h2>
        <h3>Agenda</h3>

        <p>Items to think about prior to the meeting would be to evaluate progress towards goals. Research different fundraising options. Research back-up options for raising remaining money towards $100 per person goal.
        </p>
        <p>Recorder (Zach): Keep track of everything we talk about to make sure it all is recorded and make sure everyone is making progress on the project by asking questions.
        </p>

        <p>Historian (Minette): Keep records with pictures and make sure to try and follow up with Home Sweet Home Ministries
        </p>

        <p>Webmaster (Derek): Keep the website updated and ask questions about progress.

        </p>

        <p>Liaison (Jon & Sam): Contact ISU about fundraising on campus
        </p>

        <p>Treasurers (Joe and Sean): Talk about the progress you guys have made with reaching out to stores.

        </p>

        <p>What to Bring:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Lecture Notes for keeping each other in check</li>

            <li>Pencil/Pen</li>

            <li>Paper</li>

            <li>Laptop</li>
        </ul>

        <p> Objective of Meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Finalize fundraising plans</li>

            <li>Discuss any problems we feel are occurring</li>

        </ul>
        <h3>Minutes</h3>
        <p>The attendees of the meeting were as follows: Minette, Derek, Joe, Sean, Sam, Jon, and Zach. The meeting took place at 4:50pm and ended swiftly at the time of 5:05pm on Thursday, October 18th. I didn’t really have much to do this week besides
            looking over the agenda Jon decided to make this week. Minette’s job was to keep a log of anything that happened over the week and she also contacted Home Sweet Home via email but did not hear a response so she said she would probably call
            them at some point. Jon helped me out this week by completing the agenda because he felt like he hasn’t done much so far for the project which was great! Derek is always making sure the website is up to date and comes with questions to every
            meeting to keep us on track. Joe and Sean still haven’t contacted or taken any information because we haven’t been given the “Ok” by Home Sweet Home just yet. Sam didn’t have anything done this week but he plans to create a spreadsheet containing
            all of the companies we contact regarding donations which will be done by the Liaisons and anyone else if they need any help.</p>

        <p>An outline for the meeting:</p>
        <p>Derek started the meeting with talking about how we could set up for fundraising. He suggested places like Sam’s Club, Target, etc. We also talked about getting permission from Home Sweet Home to get the permission first to make sure we can actually
            fundraise with Home Sweet Home. Minette also touched on how she tried to get us more hours to volunteer at Home Sweet Home. We also talked about trying to get flyers ready to advertise our fundraising. Minette also suggested getting gift card
            donations from stores around here for fundraising. Derek suggested creating cheap goodie bags to try and create and resell for more than what we purchased them for to try and fundraise as well. We also touched on maybe having a donation drop-off
            at ISU or do something selling donuts in Stevenson. Sam also suggested finding a receipt to make sure the companies we get donations from are getting tax cuts. We hope to get the donations fast and efficient and we need to figure out what
            we will do regarding fundraising. Joe made the point that we need to start to fundraise now. Minette also said that we should probably try to communicate with stores first so that we can try and get some big donations out of the way. Sam suggested
            we set up a document for who we contact so we don’t have any duplicates.</p>
        <p>What each member needs to achieve for the next meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Zach: Create the agenda for next week and contact the group to make sure companies are being contacted but to also see if they need help contacting them as well.

            </li>
            <li>Minette: Contact Home Sweet Home about getting donations for them and contact us when you do. Also, make sure to see if the Liaisons need help contacting companies as well.

            </li>
            <li>Jon & Sam: Contact companies about getting donations from them for Home Sweet Home. Create a spreadsheet containing the companies that you have contacted

            </li>
            <li>Derek: Make sure the website is up to date and contact the group regarding contacting any businesses if they need help.

            </li>
            <li>Joe and Sean: Keep a log of any donations we get but also be the first in line to help contact organizations if the Liaisons need some help in doing so.

            </li>
        </ul>
        <img src="images/meeting7.jpeg"></img>
        <hr>
        <h2>Meeting 8: October 25th</h2>
        <h3>Agenda</h3>

        <p>Items to think about prior to the meeting would be to make sure whoever you have contacted gets back to you prior to the meeting. We also need to discuss different ways to fundraise as well if the stores do not go to plan. We should discuss not
            only the fundraising ideas but also discuss the new assigned paper so you should look over that prior to the meeting as well. After we discuss everything we need to we need to make sure everyone is doing what they promise to do and make sure
            everyone is on the same page for what they need to get done.

        </p>
        <p>Recorder (Zach): Keep track of everything we talk about to make sure it all is recorded and make sure everyone is making progress on fundraising opportunities by checking in with Group Me.

        </p>

        <p>Historian (Minette): Keep records with pictures and make sure to try and keep us updated for whatever businesses you have contacted.

        </p>

        <p>Webmaster (Derek): Keep the website updated and ask questions about any assistance asking stores around town.

        </p>

        <p>Liaison (Jon & Sam): Explain the findings you have found for fundraising opportunities with the group and make sure to keep contacting more to fundraise more.

        </p>

        <p>Treasurers (Joe and Sean): Talk about the progress you guys have made with reaching out to stores and record any fundraising that anyone has done within the group in an excel spreadsheet.

        </p>

        <p>What to Bring:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Pencil/Pen</li>

            <li>Paper</li>

            <li>Laptop</li>

            <li>Fundraising opportunities

            </li>
        </ul>

        <p> Objective of Meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Figure out what fundraising options are going to benefit us the most and go with them

            </li>

            <li>Discuss any problems we feel are occurring within the team/project

            </li>

            <li>Paper needs to be discussed so we know how/when we work on this

            </li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Minutes</h3>
        <p>The attendees of the meeting were as follows: Minette, Derek, Joe, Sean, Sam, and Zach. Sam showed up at around 5:10pm. Everyone else was on time and ready to converse. The meeting took place Thursday, October 25th at approximately 5:03pm and
            ended at 5:28pm. I (Zach) was to make sure that the agenda was done and to check on everyone to make sure they did what they were supposed to be doing for the team. Minette was to get in contact with different organizations which she did.
            However, she suggested she would write the paper if she didn’t have to get money for fundraising. Jon and Sam were to also contact organizations which Jon contacted two companies and they said no. Sam didn’t say he contacted anyone as of yet.
            Joe and Sean were to contact companies as well which Joe asked a bakery and they said no. Sean asked a couple of companies which also said they either already donate or have a wait list. Derek is making sure that the website is ready to go
            and suggested he would help set up the GoFundMe with the two treasurers if they needed help.

        </p>

        <p>An outline for the meeting:</p>
        <p>Joe talked about how his company he contacted couldn’t do anything with us. Sean talked with Hy-Vee and Walmart and Hy-Vee already donates to Home Sweet Home but he asked if we could get more. Walmart also has a 3 month waiting list. Jon spoke
            with companies and also had waiting lists of 4 weeks to 3 months. Minette had a positive interaction with the company she contacted and was asked to contact further with them which she is doing tomorrow. We talked about setting up a GoFundMe
            for generating more funds to donate to Home Sweet Home. Minette also said we would have to go in for another date to volunteer besides the November 3rd date. Sam also came in with a google doc for everyone to input the companies they have
            contacted. Minette suggested she would write the paper for us with the catch of not having to fundraise. Sean and Joe are going to communicate the plan for the GoFundMe.

        </p>
        <p>What each member needs to achieve for the next meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Zach: Create an agenda based upon what the group accomplishes and also ask the group if everything is going to plan and if anyone needs help.

            </li>
            <li>Minette: Start on the paper and come in with at least two pages to show us the progress on it as well. Also, keep in contact with Home Sweet Home to see if we can get more volunteer time.

            </li>
            <li>Jon & Sam: Contact more organizations to see if we can get any donations besides GoFundMe. Also, ask the treasurers if they need assistance.

            </li>
            <li>Derek: Make sure the website is up to date and ask if anyone needs help completing anything.

            </li>
            <li>Joe & Sean: Create the GoFundMe and contact organizations if donations to the GoFundMe are not going as planned.

            </li>
        </ul>
        <img src="images/meeting8.jpeg"></img>
        <hr>
        <h2>Meeting 9: November 1st</h2>
        <h3>Agenda</h3>

        <p>Items to think about prior to the meeting would be to make sure whoever you have contacted gets back to you prior to the meeting. We also need to discuss the Facebook donation page that Sean is trying to create with confirmation that it is good
            to go from Home Sweet Home. Some other items to look at prior to the meeting would be the clip for the paper so we can create some ideas for Minette to go off of for the paper. The last thing I would like everyone to think about prior to the
            meeting would be to take at look at your Peer Evals and come up with any questions you have about them.

        </p>
        <p>Recorder (Zach): Keep track of everything we talk about to make sure it all is recorded and make sure everyone is making progress on fundraising opportunities by checking in with Group Me. Also, if people need help fundraising then try and find
            other organizations that haven’t been contacted yet.

        </p>

        <p>Historian (Minette): Keep records with pictures and make sure to try and keep us updated with any information from Home Sweet Home. Also, come in with anything you have completed for the paper and ask us what you need from us for the paper.

        </p>

        <p>Webmaster (Derek): Keep the website updated and ask questions about any assistance asking stores around town. Also, address any issues you have with the group.

        </p>

        <p>Liaison (Jon & Sam): Explain the findings you have found for fundraising opportunities with the group and make sure to keep contacting more to fundraise more. Also, ask questions to the group about what you should be accomplishing every week.

        </p>

        <p>Treasurers (Joe and Sean): Talk about the progress you guys have made with reaching out to stores and Home Sweet Home about creating a donation page. Also, keep track of any donations we have received!

        </p>

        <p>What to Bring:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Pencil/Pen

            </li>

            <li>Paper</li>

            <li>Any relevant info to the project (Your Brain J)

            </li>
        </ul>

        <p> Objective of Meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Discuss Peer Evals and what you feel needs to be addressed about them

            </li>

            <li>-Discuss the fundraising page on Facebook and address any questions about it

            </li>

            <li>-Generate ideas for the paper with ideas you came up with prior to the meeting

            </li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Minutes</h3>
        <p>The attendees of the meeting were as follows: Zach, Jon, Joe, Minette, Sean, and Sam. Derek was not in attendance because his car broke down and did not have a ride to the meeting. This was fine because he informed us multiple days in advance
            and the group had a miscommunication for who and when he needed a ride. The meeting started at around 5:07pm and ended at around 5:36pm on Thursday, November 1st. My job as the recorder was to make sure a good agenda was created for the meeting
            and to make sure people were prepared for the meeting by asking everyone to read the agenda prior to the meeting. I also shared the fundraiser on Facebook hoping to get donations as well. Minette was to start the paper which she had done and
            we conversed about the clip as well. She also brought in the donation she received from Medici’s. Jon was to contact stores, which he did, and had success with Epiphany Farms with a $100 donation. Sam did not say if he contacted stores like
            he should have, but we will ask him if he has any news on donations. Sean and Joe both contacted stores with no luck and Sean created the fundraiser and got donations for it prior to the meeting.

        </p>

        <p>An outline for the meeting:</p>
        <p>Started conversation on Project Runway. Minette asked for any suggestions on anything anyone wanted to add to the rough draft she created and sent in the group chat. Everyone agreed that it looked good and had great points that seemed to go well
            with the class content. People agreed to give more feedback in the group chat over the weekend. Talked about the fundraiser and how it is going well. Minette wanted to get a rundown of everyone’s work on the fundraising. Joe talked with Coffee
            House and Deli and Fresh Thyme but didn’t get any donations as of yet. Minette got a $50 donation from Medici’s. Jon got a donation from Epiphany Farms for a total of $100. The Facebook fundraiser was created by Sean and currently has $45
            and will most likely grow in the week to come. I (Zach) shared the fundraiser with all of my Facebook friends and a news group for Bloomington-Normal that has roughly 33,000 members. Minette also said she is going to try and get some more
            hours for the volunteer work because we have 3 hours this Saturday, but we want to get the maximum of 5 hours for the project. Talked about how for the volunteering we should not wear clothes we like to wear.

        </p>
        <p>What each member needs to achieve for the next meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Everyone: Attend the volunteer work scheduled for Saturday, November 3rd at the Habitat for Humanity Warehouse.
            </li>
            <li>Zach: Create the agenda for next week and try to get some more donations for the group by sharing it around Facebook again.

            </li>
            <li>Minette: Start to chunk out the paper some more and ask questions as to how everyone would like to see the paper grow.

            </li>
            <li>Jon & Sam: Contact companies about getting donations from them for Home Sweet Home. Also, keep in touch with the group to see who needs to be contacted in the future.

            </li>
            <li>Derek: Make sure the website is up to date! Also, try and get some donations for the Facebook fundraiser by sharing it with your friends.

            </li>
            <li>Joe and Sean: Keep a log of any donations we get in the spreadsheet but also try and fundraise for the Facebook fundraiser and/or keep on contacting businesses for donations!

            </li>
        </ul>
        <img src="images/meeting9.jpeg"></img>
        <hr>
        <h2>Meeting 10: November 8th</h2>
        <h3>Agenda</h3>

        <p>Items to think about prior to the meeting would be to make sure whatever donations you have received are recorded and ready for the PowerPoint. We also need to prepare for the meeting by looking over what need to be included for the early submission
            PowerPoint. Some other items to look at prior to the meeting would be the clip some items to include within the paper for Minette. We should also prepare for the meeting by bringing any other photos or documentation for our donations as well.

        </p>
        <p>Recorder (Zach): Keep track of everything we talk about to make sure it all is recorded and make sure everyone is on the same page by communicating with the group. Also, if people need help with anything they can ask me.

        </p>

        <p>Historian (Minette): Keep records with pictures and make sure to try and keep us updated with any information for the paper. Also, come in with everything you have for the presentation we will be creating and performing at 6:00pm.

        </p>

        <p>Webmaster (Derek): Update the website! Ask questions about any assistance asking stores around town. Also, address any issues you have with the group. Bring everything you need to complete the early submission deadline.

        </p>

        <p>Liaison (Jon): Come in with whatever you have completed for the PowerPoint. Also, ask questions to the group about the project and what need to be done.

        </p>

        <p>Treasurers (Joe and Sean): Come in with any relevant information for the PowerPoint. Also, keep track of any donations we have received!

        </p>
        <p>Liaison (Sam): Explain where you are at in regards to donations and volunteer hours. Also, try to get those donations and hours in before the end of the semester or else the grade will be separate from the rest of us.

        </p>

        <p>What to Bring:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Pencil/Pen

            </li>

            <li>Paper</li>

            <li>Laptop</li>

            <li>-Any relevant info to the project (Your Brain J)

            </li>
        </ul>

        <p> Objective of Meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Start to work on PowerPoint for early submission presentation

            </li>

            <li>Discuss any questions we have regarding the paper

            </li>

            <li>Perform the Presentation at 6:00pm

            </li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Minutes</h3>
        <p>The attendees of the meeting were as follows: Minette, Derek, Joe, Jon, Sean, and Zach. Sam did not show up to the meeting this week. Everyone else was on time and ready to converse. Jon stated he would not be able to arrive until 4:45pm due to
            his job. The meeting took place Thursday, October 25th at approximately 4:30pm and ended at around 7:15pm. I (Zach) was to make sure that the agenda was done and to check on everyone to make sure they did what they were supposed to be doing
            for the team. I also needed to get my donation for the final group goal of $100 per person. Minette was to work on the paper a little further and to keep the log updated with pictures from both the volunteering and meetings. Jon and Sam were
            to also contact organizations which Jon contacted more companies and they said no. Jon also volunteered on Saturday with all of us while Sam didn’t because of a death in his family. However, Sam did not gather any donations prior so we decided
            we would turn in the early submission without him while he could turn in his part later in the semester. Joe and Sean were to contact companies as well which Joe asked a bakery and they said no. Sean created the fundraiser on Facebook and
            gathered around $170 from this. However, Sean only volunteered 3 hours over the weekend because he could not stay later due to an interference. Derek is making sure that the website is ready to go and volunteered over the weekend with all
            of us.

        </p>

        <p>An outline for the meeting:</p>
        <p>The meeting started with everyone talking about what needs to be done prior to our recording time at 6:00pm. With this in mind, we started on the early submission/campaign closeout PowerPoint. Everyone talked to each other about if the slides
            seem to explain what we did correctly. We also gathered up all of our artifacts for the submission which we didn’t think about prior to the meeting. We also noticed that we would need to get confirmation that the Fundraiser on Facebook was
            delivered to Home Sweet Home. After finishing up the PowerPoint at around 5:55pm we headed down to the recording studio. During the recording, we decided who would perform what slides and got it all set up. After we all recorded, we had a
            few more portfolio checklist points to talk about which we did.

        </p>
        <p>What each member needs to achieve for the next meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>Zach: Create an agenda for why we will not be meeting next week. Also, contact the group to make sure the project gets submitted.

            </li>
            <li>Minette: Keep working on the paper and ask any questions about the project in the GroupMe.

            </li>
            <li>Jon: Contact the couple organizations that said they needed a letterhead to try and get more donations. This can get the group more extra credit!

            </li>
            <li>Derek: Make sure the website is up to date and finish the portfolio to turn in with the early submission criteria. Ask any questions about the project in the GroupMe.

            </li>
            <li>Joe & Sean: Get the confirmation on the fundraiser being donated to Derek for the portfolio. Also, ask questions about the project in the chat.

            </li>
            <li>Sam: Get your volunteer hours scheduled and gather your donations to reach the goal of $100. Also, ask any questions to the group that you have.

            </li>
        </ul>
        <img src="images/meeting7.jpeg"></img>
    </main>
    <!-- Template
<h2>Meeting #: October 11th</h2>
        <h3>Agenda</h3>

        <p></p>
        <p></p>

        <p></p>
        
        <p></p>

        <p></p>

        <p></p>

        <p>What to Bring:</p>
        <ul>
            <li></li>

            <li></li>

            <li></li>

            <li></li>
        </ul>

        <p> Objective of Meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li></li>

            <li></li>

            <li></li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Minutes</h3>
        <p></p>

        <p>An outline for the meeting:</p>
        <p></p>
        <p>What each member needs to achieve for the next meeting:</p>
        <ul>
            <li></li>
            <li></li>
            <li></li>
            <li></li>
            <li></li>
            <li></li>
        </ul>
        <img src="images/meeting6.jpeg"></img>
        <hr>
        -->
    <script type="text/javascript" src="js/nav.js"></script>
</body>

</html>
